Fix for #2352 - Generic Comparable Stubs/Mocks == (#2353)
spockframework/spock: docs/release_notes.adoc

* Fix Pattern flags being dropped when `java.util.regex.Pattern` instances are used in Spock regex conditions spockIssue:2298[]
* Fix `MockitoMockMaker` throws NPE on null object spockIssue:2337[]

=== Breaking Changes

> * == checks on Comparable<T> with T being something other than Object now compare using the java identity hash code instead of always being equal spockPull:2353[]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Mock/Stub checks on `Comparable<T>` with `T` being something other than `Object` now compare using the java identity hash code instead of always being equal spockIssue:2352[]
```
